# KASLR Offset & Syscall Inspection

An experiment to parse the live and static verion of the syscall table so as to get to the required syscalls for the out of band analysis.
---


## How It Works

### Kaslr_offset.c
The objective of this program is to calculate the KASLR offset of the current boot, it does so by the logic implemented in the previous programs ie, the multi-anchor offset extraction. The calculated offset is given out of the /proc/kaslr_offset file.

### Syscall_reporter.c 
This program iterates through the syscall table and it outputs the systemcalls which are being used by the kernel and are loaded into the memory. It outputs the memory location of the syscall and the name of the syscall in pretty print, this file is later used to extract useful syscalls from the system.map file which consist of tons of systemcalls which are not used exported or was implemeted as a fall back or for backwards compatibility. The syscalls are reported in the format [memory address] [syscall_name] through the '/proc/syscall_live' file.

### Syscall_optimizer.py
This is a userspace program which finds out which shortlists the systemcalls which are needed, in other words the script makes a set of systemcalls from the live proc 'live_syscall' and then makes a set of all the syscalls in system.map 'sys_map', then performs sys_map - live_syscall. This gives us all the memory address and pretty printed names of the current loaded syscalls. The laoded systemcalls and their memory addresses are stored in an autogenerated text file named 'syscall_optimised.txt'.



## Objective
This experiment is to get a baseline of all the current loaded systemcalls and their memory address so that we can make sure we get a 
